feat(ci): add dockerimage files in new `docker-images` directory (#59193)
airbytehq/airbyte: docker-images/README.md

### Prereqs (java only)

Java connectors require the `.tar` archive to be built before building the Docker image.

```bash
./gradlew :airbyte-integrations:connectors:{connector_name}:distTar
```

For example:

```bash
./gradlew :airbyte-integrations:connectors:source-mysql:distTar
```

### Building a Connector Image

```bash
DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1
ARCH=amd64

docker build \
    --platform linux/${ARCH} \
    --label io.airbyte.version=3.11.15\
    --label io.airbyte.name=airbyte/source-mysql \
    --file ../../../docker-images/Dockerfile.java-connector \
    --build-arg=BASE_IMAGE=docker.io/airbyte/java-connector-base:2.0.1@sha256:ec89bd1a89e825514dd2fc8730ba299a3ae1544580a078df0e35c5202c2085b3 \
    --build-arg=CONNECTOR_NAME=source-mysql \
    --build-arg=EXTRA_BUILD_SCRIPT= \
    -t airbyte/source-mysql:dev-${ARCH} .
```

## Common Build Args

- `BASE_IMAGE` - The image tag to use when building the connector.
- `CONNECTOR_NAME`: The connector name, in kebab format: `source-mysql`
- `EXTRA_BUILD_SCRIPT`: Optional `build_customization.py` script. An additional prereq-installation script that is custom to this connector.

## FAQ

### Why is `DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1` needed?

> This uses Buildkit in Docker, which allows us to use custom `.dockerignore` files, which is normally not allowed. Instead, docker will accept a `{Dockerfile-name}.dockerignore` in the same directory as the Dockerfile, saving us from needing to store `.dockerignore` files redundantly in each connector directory.

Author: ```suggestion
This uses Buildkit in Docker, which allows us to use custom `.dockerignore` files, which is normally not allowed. With this env var set, docker will accept a `{Dockerfile-name}.dockerignore` in the same directory as the Dockerfile. This eliminates the need for us to store `.dockerignore` files redundantly in each connector directory.
```
